Sam Fox
cool, do you guys want to maybe plan on getting together after class tomorrow to try to bring it all together? I'll try to have all of the backend module functions done by then so we can access the db and have it all working.
Dec 3 at 9:45 am - Reply
A
arevello
the d3 trees should be all set. They all have their own json file
Dec 2 at 10:17 pm - Reply
YL
yong liang
thanks josh.

i've also added a todo list and ppl responsible. please feel free to add or remove your name to the tasks
Nov 25 at 5:26 pm - Edit - Delete
JB
Josh Bearor
I added an updated logo to the public/images file. Let me know if what you think, and if I should get it changed. I know the color scheme was off, this was made back before we even thought about coding.
Nov 25 at 4:22 pm - Reply
YL
yong liang
added instructions for today's hackathon in the front page bulletin
-need to polish the front page with menu bar and info pages
-finish up the query and data display table in students/myclasses
-add final ajax animations, and d3 designs.

-plan to meet after next week to record the videos, and we'll crop by thursday and publish on friday
Nov 25 at 7:29 am - edited Nov 25 at 7:40 am - Edit - Delete
YL
yong liang
added banner&menubar as an export from /public/index.html
added <div id"content"> to control style of all pages.
added ajax fade in in all pages
testing javascript live table in student/courses (need JSON data to populate)
Nov 23 at 1:32 pm - Edit - Delete
YL
yong liang
remember if you need to add a page, you have to make sure go through these steps
routes/user add get("/xxxx",
then render("student/abcde"

in the views you add your table/data that is being rendered.
views/student/abcde.ejs

then use div and class to map out the block, then design and
update the views in
public/stylesheets/xxxx
Nov 22 at 11:20 pm - edited Nov 22 at 11:35 pm - Edit - Delete
AM
Andrew Marchetti
I'll get on finishing my CSV as well
Nov 20 at 4:04 pm - Reply
YL
yong liang
class cancel today, who still around and wants to meet/ work on this at that time?
Nov 20 at 1:00 pm - Edit - Delete
A
arevello
I made a pretty basic main user and main admin view that will need to be finished when pretty much everything else is done
Nov 20 at 12:39 am - Reply
JB
Josh Bearor
I'll have the .csv for courses that I was working on pushed to github tomorrow.
Nov 19 at 11:46 pm - Reply
Sam Fox (samdeanefox)
Sam Fox
I fixed all the problems with the server and database last night, our back end is up and running
